---
title: 2018-30.x Release Notes
keywords: release notes
tags: [release notes]
sidebar: doc_sidebar
permalink: 2018.30.x_release_notes.html
summary: Learn about new and updated features.
---

2018-30.x release highlights:
* AWS Lambda Function integration
* Delta counters
* Miscellaneous improvements


## AWS Lambda Function integration

Our full-features integration with AWS Lambda allows you to monitor your serverless (FaaS) functions from Wavefront.

The integration includes standard AWS Lambda metrics that are available through the API. The integration also includes wrappers in Python, Go, and Node.js that you can use to monitor AWS Lambda custom business metrics.

See [AWS Lambda Functions Integration](aws-lambda-functions.html) and [AWS Lambda Functions Integration Details](integrations_aws_lambda.html).


## Delta Counters

[Delta counters](delta_counters.htm) make counter functionality available for serverless Function-as-a-service environments and some other use cases.

## Performance Improvements
Speed increases of up to 50%. Specifically, queries that use source tags with more than 10k hosts see dramatic performance improvements.

## Miscellaneous Improvements
* New `bestEffort()` function. If you can wrap any other function with `bestEffort()`, Wavefront will use conservative targets for scheduling workloads. That means we will limit thread use and asynchronous fetches.
* New **Batch Query Priority** permission. When users with that permission run queries, Wavefront wraps the queries with `bestEffort()`. As a result,  users with this permission run at lower priority. 
* Documentation improvements.
  - Pages for [new integrations](integrations_new_changed.html#july-2018). See the integrations list (https://docs.wavefront.com/label_integrations%20list.html)
  - Page with details about the [Pivotal Container Service integration](integrations_pks.html)
  - Details about [customizing alert target templates](alert_target_customizing.html)
